# Design Philosophy
## 1. Synapse Decay and Specialization
The premise of this idea is that brains are inherently specialized. Bird brains learn how to fly while human brains learn how to walk, but neither can do both without sacrificing something knowledge of the other. This can be seen in humans who learn multiple languages and who neglect to utilize that language in a while. Although fragments of that information exists within their brain, the pathways of synapses are overwritten and disconnected. This idea stems from the limited data that the brain can hold [1]. For example, if a brain only has enough storage to achieve a singular task, and that storage is currently occupied by task A, how can this brain achieve task B? The answer is simply. It can forget task A and replace it with task B. So how can we achieve this within our model? Well we can forcibly write over data as we learn new tasks, but this comes with the issue of losing data that was necessary. Instead we can have a passive decay of synapses, returning their value back to zero. This way, we only lose data of tasks that have not been utilized in a while, rather than recently learned and utilized tasks. To fully implement this idea, we'll need to implement some method of choosing postsynaptic neurons with the lowest synaptic strength, because there is always the chance to overwrite a non decayed data.

## 2. The Lighthouse Technique
To learn a new neural pathway, our model utilizes guess and check to get closer and closer to the desired outcome. Although guess and check is already an inefficient model to operate under, it can be made exponentially more inefficient if applied randomly. Thats where the lighthouse technique comes in. When a neuron is activated, we add it to a vector of lighthouses. With these lighthouses, we'll have a general idea of the area we need to apply the guess and check model to, rather than applying the model randomly across the whole brain. There is also a couple ideas the are brought up with this technique. When implementing this idea, we must consider Diffusion Vs Penetration. This conflict of ideas comes from the area that the lighthouses illuminate. We can either look at the whole area of illumination, or we can prioritize the most recently added lighthouse neurons. If we look at the whole area of illumination, we increase diffusion since we increase the area of guess and check. My theory is that with increased diffusion allows for the development of increasingly complex ideas. If we were to look only at the most recent lighthouses, we decrease the area but the neurons will be deeper compared to the other lighthouses, increasing penetration. My theory with increase penetration is that it learns more quickly compared to a diffusion model. Finding a balance between the two models will allow us to maximize complexity while still having a relatively high learning speed.

## 3. Hiking In The Dark (Needs Work)
The problem goes that while hiking in the dark, you can only see five feet around yourself. The dark makes hiking difficult, but you're still able to reach the peak by following the slope of the mountain up. Once you reach the peak of the mountain, (there is no more slopes going up) you are unable to see anything since you are still unable to see further than five feet in any direction. Although the vista is underwhelming, you wonder to yourself, "How do I know that I'm truly at the peak of this mountain?" This story describes the difficulties of finding absolute maxima with limited information. This is a problem that our model must overcome for the sake of efficiently. If we wanted to guarantee the highest peak with our limited visibility, we would need to walk the whole mountain, something that would take too long to do.

**Sources**
* [1] [MEDANTA](https://www.medanta.org/patient-education-blog/what-is-the-memory-capacity-of-a-human-brain)